Added email plugin instructions (#8695)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enterprise/workflow/ssh-approval-email.mdx

---

> title: Teleport integration with Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Teleport Access Requests with Email
```

> description: This guide explains how to setup a Email plugin for Teleport for privilege elevation approval notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This guide explains how to set up the Teleport email plugin to notify users when another user requests elevated privileges.
```

> h1: Teleport Email Plugin Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can stick with the title here.

---

> This guide will talk through how to setup Teleport with Email notification for Access Requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will explain how to set up Teleport with email notifications for Access Requests.
```

> ## Setup

Reviewer: We should use the H2 format that other guides use: a `## Prerequisites` section followed by H2 headings in the format `## Step n/d. Do something`. This way, readers can tell how far they are into the guide.
